what motivates you more doing something
that's reasonable or something you
actually think is cool instead of doing
something easy and realistic that
doesn't excite you choose something that
is difficult but fun for me it was stuff
like handstands and of course my
favorite stuff the
splits for me it's getting strong in
weird
positions and this is where most of the
fitness industry actually disagrees with
me cuz I recommend you obsess over
whatever your goal is and do it as often
as you want seriously what's going to
get you off the couch something that you
know is healthy or something you think
is cool it would have been more
reasonable for me to choose a basic
skill but I chose the middle splits
because well it motivated me even Eagle
lifting could be good as long as you
build up to it every time you don't even
try you fail so maybe start with trying
and then optimize as you go stay flexy
stay flexing